- [Instructor] We have run through a lot of code
and examples in this course
so you may be wondering what is next?
Let's start this discussion with a quick recap.
We started this course by looking at the S3 console
and running through a brief tour of it
and the operations within it.
We then leveraged the CLI
to interact with buckets and objects.
We then spent some time with the Python SDK
and investigated some of its offerings
for working with buckets and objects.
We then did the same with the Java SDK.
So while this course should have started your journey,
there's definitely more to come.
I encourage you to dive deeper into the SDK.
Many methods and options we didn't discuss,
read the docs and play with those APIs.
We only touched on Java and Python
but there are SDKs for many languages.
Take a look at those, especially if you use those languages
on a regular basis such as Go or C#.
And finally, just start working with S3
and build your knowledge and experiences.
I want to take a final minute to thank you for your time.
Teaching is really about learning for me
so me offering this course helps me learn more.
I also know you have dedicated a significant amount
of your time on this course
and I do appreciate you for that.
I encourage you to ask questions
in the Q&A section here on LinkedIn Learning.
I answer questions all the time on all of my courses
and actually, I really love the engagement.
I'm also available on Twitter, GitHub and Stack Overflow
as FP moles.
I encourage you to engage with me there as well.
I love feedback so please, leave it either here
in the LinkedIn Learning
or through these other channels.
Thanks and I hope I've got you started on your journey
through AWS S3.